Update Web API Response: status property: add '0' status value (#39533)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/response/status/index.md

An unsigned short number.
This is one of the [HTTP response status codes](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Status).

> A value is `0` is returned for an [‘opaque’ filtered response](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#concept-filtered-response-opaque) (whose type is `opaque` or `opaqueredirect`), or for a [network error response](https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org/#concept-network-error) (whose type is `error`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A value is `0` is returned for a response whose {{domxref("Response.type", "type")}} is `opaque`, `opaqueredirect`, or `error`.
```

(it's better to cross-link to MDN's own documentation for `type`, which can then explain in one place what the different types mean)
